AGILE 
	- Introduction
	- module 1 -			SOFTWARE DESIGN
					3 approaches

	(waterfall 
	model)		1. SDLC 	2. AGILE 			3. DEVOPS using cloud native application
			     |		     |			    			 |
			3-4 months	for each module(sprint)			it takes hours
		to complete minimal	follow all phase 
		project	

		5 modules together	it takes weeks

		when complete 		SCRUM framework
		design is ready 	team members/roles

					1.product owner - decide client requirement, power to reject/ accept  - Mosco b/w 2
					2.scrum master  \> wants sprint 4   -  standup meeting - everyday
						manage 
					3.developer  - decides time hours   JIRA (documentation)
					4.tester	-----------  ^ story point

					when requirements evolve

					it is an iterative and incremental model (features addon) - process model



AGILE VALUES    -    4 values, 12 principles	1. customer satisfaction 2. welcome changing 3. deliver work frequently

		1. interactions
		2. less documentation and design
		3. customer collaboration
		4. change plan


UML sequence diagram/ interaction diagram
		- it is created for each use case
		- each sequence diagram has 2 flow  - basic flow - based on input/action get success
						    - alternate flow - vice versa





Day 2

SCRUM terminology
		- user story = get requirement from customer in this form ,  epic- collection of user stories
											|
					             product backlog    -   documented in file ex- excel
							|
						 prepared by product owner
		- sprint/iteration = period of time to complete user stories
					- min 2 week and max 4

		- sprint planning meeting under scrum master
		
		- Sprint backlog - document- for each sprint- change in every standup meeting

		- scrum meeting / standing meeting -by scrum master everyday 15 min
						- what did you yesterday?, today?, impediments?

		- sprint retrospective meeting - end of sprint one meeting
						- what went wrong, what went right

		- story point


User Story: INVEST model
		standard format - As a [user role],	
				I want [goal or feature],
				so that [benefit or reason].

		INVEST principles - independent, negotiable, valuable, estimable, small, testable


10 user stories-								acceptance criteria
		as a admin,
		i want to control users media stream,
		so that the meeting goes good.

		as a user,						Given i am in an active meeting
		i want to get notifications when host attaches a file,  When the host attaches a file
		so that i wouldn't miss any information.		Then i should receive a real-time 										notification in the meeting interface
								 		
		as a user,						Given i am a participant in the 	
		i want to have access for sending messages in a chat,	meeting
		so that the doubts get cleared.				When i open the chat panel
									Then i should be able to type and send 										messages


		as a host,						Given i am the host of the meeting
		i want to share my screen with all participants,	When i click on the “Share Screen” 										option
		so that i can present documents or slides effectively.	Then i should be able to select the 										entire screen or a specific window



		as a host,						Given I am the host of the meeting
		i want to record the meeting,				When I click on the Record button
		so that absent participants can review it later.	Then the recording should start and an 										indicator should be visible to all 										participants

		as a participant					Given I am a participant in the 										meeting
		i want to raise a virtual hand				When I click on the Raise Hand”											option
		so that i can ask questions without interrupting	Then an icon should appear next to my 			the speaker.						name in the participant list
		

		as a host,
		i want to create breakout rooms,
		so that participants can collaborate in smaller groups.

		as a participant,
		i want to download shared files during the meeting,
		so that I have all the resources for later reference.

		as a participant,
		i want to blur my background or use a virtual background,
		so that I can maintain privacy during the meeting.

		as a host,
		i want to see a list of participants who joined and left,
		so that I can track attendance.
		

user story + Acceptance criteria    - format              - 1. Given/when/then 
		   - product owner

		ex- given[ that i am logged into my account]
		    when [ i view my upcoming assignments]
		    then [ i get remainder emails]

key agile metrics
		- 1. velocity - amt of work done in a single sprint (current team performance)
		  2. Burndown chart -  ( task need to complete)


challenge in software Maintenance

needs
1. correcting defects
2. adapting to environment changes
3. enhancing performance
4. adding new features
5. ensuring security
6. legal/regulatory compliance

category
1. corrective
2. adaptive
3. perfective
4. preventive





